Yes, my best friend is just about to move out
We can sublet his house
Okay, if you don't listen to you, I'll send you the address later.
When did I say I wanted to move out of Moshang Tiancheng?
I have nowhere to live now
You can sublease the house to us
As soon as I get married, give me a dove to occupy the magpie's nest
This registrar
My true nature was revealed too quickly
So you can move in with me?
First, it is compensation
Second, help me enlighten the old lady
Save him from worrying, okay?
President of Peony
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
I share this house with someone else
What kind of share?
So you get the landlord to terminate the lease immediately.
Liquidated damages
-10 times
Okay, there's more.
From now on, I will be with Mingxuan
Take good care of our little home
I'll leave the company's affairs to you
Ok my president of Anda